---
layout: post
title: Some Facts About Me
date:   2021-01-01 00:00:00
description: More about me!
---

Some fun facts about me:

- I was born in Beijing, China, and came to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States for college when I was 18.
- "Yan" is my given name and can mean "speak" or "language"; "Pan" is my family name. In Chinese, "Pan Yan" has the same pronounciation as "rock climbing", an extreme sport (though I'm not good at it at all).
- "Elvis" is a nickname that I started using when I was 10 years old.
- I graduated from the Early Development Program of the [High School Affiliated to Renmin University of China (RDFZ)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High_School_Affiliated_to_Renmin_University_of_China). I was admitted one year earlier than normal (that's what "early development" means), and spent 7 years in middle school and high school.
- I am a photographer and am broadly interested in digital photography. You can find a collection of my photography works on [my website](https://elvis-pan.github.io/gallery/) or [instagram](https://www.instagram.com/elvispanphoto/).
- I love listening to electronic music, and my favorite genre is melodic dubstep, a melody-heavy subgenre of dubstep music (see the music of Illenium, Seven Lions, and Au5). I also enjoy trance, future house, tropical house, progressive house, and future bass.
- I am a passionate soccer fan and Real Madrid fan. I watch about 30 soccer games a year. I play as a midfielder myself.
- I do competitive programming in college [(my stats)](https://elvis-pan.github.io/projects/cp/). However, when I first encountered competitive programming at 12 in the OI training of RDFZ, I quitted after 2 months since it was too hard. After that I didn't do any competitive programming until I took [15-295](https://contest.cs.cmu.edu/295/f20/) at CMU.
- I am a fan of vim, and I use NeoVim and vim mode in all of my IDEs.

Some of my favorite musics, books, and movies:

- Music:
  - *Needed You* by Illenium [Melodic Dubstep].
  - *This Moment* by Crystal Skies [Melodic Dubstep].
  - *Ramelia (Tribute to Amelia)* by Ram [Trance].
  - *Somebody Loves You* by Aly & Fila [Trance].
  - *Chemicals* by Don Diablo [Future House].
  - *Beautiful Life* by Lost Frequencies [Deep House].
  - *Levels* by Avicii [Progressive House].
  - *Together* by Martin Garrix & Matisse & Sadko [Progressive House].
  - *Rich Love* by Seeb & OneRepublic [Tropical House].
- Book:
  - *Notre Dame de Paris* by Victor Hugo.
  - *Les Misérables* by Victor Hugo.
  - *Love in the Time of Cholera (El amor en los tiempos del cólera)* by Gabriel García Márquez.
- Movie:
  - *Three Idiots*. I first watched the movie when I was 12. It was super relaxing and funny to watch, and also inspirational to me as well. It encouraged me to focus on becoming an excellent individual and the process than being an utilitarian or consequentialist.
  - *Infernal Affairs (Wu Jian Dao)*.
  - *The Dark Knight*.
  - *Seven*.